To cap off influencers, you guys got to understand that influencers are not
just individuals.
They're also pages.
An influencer is really anyone that you can have a paid placement opportunity
with a massive
amount of reach.
So when it comes to these pages, you have usually a core four of them.
You got motivational pages, meme pages, news pages, and college student pages.
Now if we're going to go through these, this is a meme page.
Fuckboy problems, right?
For Twitter, we've run a ton of memes on here.
They just pump out memes and things get everywhere from a couple hundred
thousand views to millions
of views due to their existing, I want to say, brand reputation in the space.
And also everyone loves them.
Like, do people know who they are?
Another one is motivational pages.
You have bolt motivation here, which rips hundreds of thousands of views about
popular
and influential people along with movies, etc.
And he makes it engaging, like, here's a good karate kid.
You could easily approach this company and this page and be like, hey, we have
a motivational
aspect in our app.
We love the partner.
Another one is college accounts.
So college fessing is one.
Five million followers, they rip views and all it is is memes about college.
And now it's school starting right now, it's currently end of August.
Dude, this shit's going to rip.
And if you have an app in this space starring college kids, highly recommended
targeting
on these theme pages.
Now why do theme pages work?
Same as influencers.
They have masses reach, they have brand familiar and reputation, and you can
also get direct
conversions.
On top of that, you can increase your brand awareness.
If you have influencers posting about your product, and on top of that now you
have a
popular theme page posting about your product, Bada Bing Bada Boom.
They're going to hit five to 10 times in the algorithm about your app, your
software.
Now they're going to download and they're going to convert.
They're going to be like, oh shit, we have this theme page talking about it and
my three
favorite influencers talking about it.
This must be legit.
I got this.
The download of your product, your product works.
They get the value out of it.
Bada Bing Bada Boom, start telling their friends.
Growth is exponential guys.
Now when it comes to working with them, I would not overthink it.
All you have to do is identify the pages, just like you would any influencer.
I'd follow that same format.
You can go to the theme page and click the affiliated badge and you can find
more people
like them.
Like fucking shower feelings, two million followers and they just rip.
Once you've identified your pages, I would definitely message them, DM them
like you
would an influencer and then same thing.
Do not talk about pricing in the DMs.
I highly recommend getting them on the call and pitching a view guarantee.
How we talk better right here.
New guarantee models rip.
You can get a $2 CPM, get a million guaranteed views and do $2,000 deal.
So at the end of the day, in order for you to execute on this properly, I
highly recommend
having your posts blend into their page, make sure you're leveraging humor and
double down
on the winners.
If a post pops off, I'd reach out to other pages in that niche, whether it's
college
pages, meme pages, motivational pages or news pages and have them post that
same structure
and you'll just compound the views and it'll fucking rip.
So that is the main pages for you.
They're great for supporting influencer campaigns and top of funnel awareness
and at the end
of the day, you will get direct conversions but I would not bank on the fact
that you're
always going to get direct conversions.
Yes, you can lose money with these pages.
Yes, it won't always work but highly recommended as a supplemental distribution
method.
Thanks.